well TK Abu joins us now from outside
alaa Hospital in dear Al Bala ter can
you just give us an update on these
deadly strikes this morning in central
Gaza We Believe at least 15 people have
been killed uh since
Dawn yes uh that's right Tom the Israeli
military has been upscaling the military
attacks across many areas in the strip
but the main focus within the past
couple of days and even within the the
early hours of this morning and B own is
that on the middle areas including Alat
Al magazi and even Dar balah where we
from reporting on the ground these areas
have been classified by the military uh
save zones but yet what we notice is
that there is a clearly surge of
military attacks in thei specifically
that within other the night attacks at
least six Palestinians have been killed
after a residential house was completely
targeted two others being killed here in
darl balah and alongside there is
ongoing constant bombardment in Alber
refugee camp especially with the limited
Military encourging of the Israeli
military troops in the Eastern areas of
that very densely populated zone now
what we do know and hear from citizens
that the vast majority of attacks that
were carried out a br down bedone and
even within the early hours of this
morning but carried out without any
priate warning they have been targeting
densely populated areas with no any kind
of preco among the uh to avoid any
casualties among civilians and that
reflects the Israeli intentions to broen
the military operations as also the
Israel army has been saying that they
are attacking Hamas operatives and Hamas
command centers but what we do see
inside the mor of the hospital and even
within the emergency department is that
the vast majority of casualties are
children women and elderly people as we
see lots of the funerals today earlier
as the families of the uh victims are
completely have great source of
frustration from this ongoing military
genial campaign we do not believe that
they are unable to live uh safely and
peacefully due to the Israeli
unprecedented scale of attacks that uh
contributed to destroying their basic
houses alongside with all essential kind
of inal infrastructure and that also
included the uh killing of the head of
Anda
municipality as there is a systematic
military campaign of eliminating the
main officials in the uh interial uh in
the interial and in the internal fronts
and civil fronts in order to create a
state of chaos among Palestinians and
that will help to destroy the fat break
of the community here as all kinds of KN
and means of Life across this trip and
in particular in the Central Area have
been destroyed by this ongoing
campaign that's T was for us there in De
albala in central Gaza thank you